---
title: My life tips
date: 2024-10-26 06:55:21 +0100
categories: [Blogging]
tags: [tips, life, productivity]
comments_id: 4
---

I want to share some tips that have helped me in my daily life. Every of the below recommendations is something that I personally use and like.
List will be updated over time, when I find something new or old that I really like and want to share.

## Get for your household

- **Buy 3D printer**. Real life changer for creative people. I bought Bambu Lab P1P first. And later Bambu Lab A1 Mini with AMS lite. I really recommend them for fast prototyping and printing spare parts for household.
- **Buy wireless vertical vacuum cleaner**. Like Dreame T20. I had it. It has it's pros and cons. Right now have also budget Laresar V11. Cheap and good enough. It's really good to have one for quick cleanups. Especially when you have pets.

## Also get

- **Buy ebook reader**. I have Kindle Paperwhite 5th gen for don't know how many years. It's great for reading books without distractions.
- **Buy standing desk**. I work from home and it's really helpful for my posture and health.

- **Have a VPS for personal projects**. I use it for small applications, and for learning purposes.
- **Have a mini PC at home**. I have some very cheap mini PC from HP. It's always on and I use it to host for example Home Assistant. Takes few watts of power.
- **Use password manager**. I use Bitwarden.
- **Use 2FA for important accounts**. Like Google Authenticator.
- **Buy YouTube Premium**. Ads are annoying and premium gives you background playback on mobile. I prefer supporting content creators this way.
